For 15 years I have been single. For 15 years I've longed for someone to call me their baby, their partner, their lover. For 15 years I've asked myself, why has no one decided to put on me? I'm confused and quite frankly, I just don't understand what don't I have. So today, ladies and gentlemen, especially the ladies. I shall be giving you a speech upon why. You should date me now. After intensive research upon the matter and after interviewing myself, I've devised the list of reasons upon why all of you, all 30 of you, should be like Maria Victoria Pace. First and foremost, I am fit. I think someone's photo accentuate beauty now. One of the physical features that make a woman beautiful is, of course. Notice how my teeth are white straight. It lights its gleams when light is passed on it. Moreover, notice my lush and long hair, thick and shiny. Now, not only that emphasizes my beauty, but it also reveals, according to this study, that it's a sign of health and most importantly importantly, fertility. Meaning? I am incredibly fertile, which an evolutionary standpoint, I would be deemed as the perfect mate. Moreover, notice my face. Notice how there is a lack of makeup. Not only that reveals my youth, but also reveals from according to the same article, that 40% of men prefer women without makeup. And considering how I look like that without makeup, I must have been incredibly beautiful with makeup on. Now, see, we're focusing on my face. Let's focus on some measurements. My number. So, bluffing. My nose is at a 35 degree tilt and my forehead is at 5.2 centimetres in length. Now, why is that important? Well, a recent study conducted by the University of Florida reveals that women with these measurements are incredibly beautiful. So that means I am beautiful through maths as well. Gorgeous. Me? No? Notice how in the photo there's no one else. But me now, I chose this specific photo for you to imagine what it would be like on a date with me. And most English breakfast was some amazing orange juice. Wouldn't that be a dream? Just having that looking at you, my Lord. And as you can tell, showing off the bat, I'm unlike most girls. I'm unlike the average British female. Vicky Pollard represents the Richards here, British females within the country. For example. Notice her horribly static dyed hair that's held by a Claire Scrunchy. I caved out face and what I want to point out is her style. It looks like it's half priced from Sports Direct. Now look at me. Look at me, the complete opposite to Vicky Pollard. I can put any star you threatening, whether it be hipster, classy, or my personal favorite, casual. No, unlike Vicky Pollard, I also go to the gym. As you can tell by the tonality of my thighs, it does not convey that I'm in great shape, but also reveals that I'm a strong woman and who does not want a strong woman by their side. Now don't tell me Maria looks don't matter because reality looks do matter. OK, think about it. Site is the first contributor that makes someone attract, that will make you attracted to someone. The I noticed something that likes in the body will walk towards it when it doesn't see something it likes. It usually will go away, so when the body goes towards something it likes, the other senses begin to investigate. Touch this brings me to my next point. I have incredibly smooth skin. These are photos of my arm and my leg. How about is it? Laughing great notice. Notice how there was no hair in it whatsoever? And practically and naked cat. Now, how does this benefit you, in a sense? Well, imagine I'm canoodling. What? We're doing something else, and you have the ability to fill in my silky smooth caramelized skin. A rare feel in today's society. Enough about the physical attributes that make me a Greek goddess, and let's talk about the deeper things. Me, but my personality first and foremost. OK, that's wrong. First and foremost, I am funny. Look, you're all laughing at my speech right now. Exactly. If you don't believe it, here's a video of me being funny. If it works. Clearly that brings my joke into stalemates, but I next point I'm an amazing performer, and how would this benefit you? Well, I can give you a private performance if you want me to. I can sing. I can dance, I can act, I can play guitar. I can play piano. Now, how would this actually benefit you? Well, imagine late night vote of candlelight and I danced you careless whisper while singing it. No, who wouldn't want that? Next point. I'm incredibly smart. I'm in top set English, maths and name it. I'm in it. My grades are higher than the majority of the girl skirts in year 9. They're pretty high and if you don't believe me, I have a quote by Miss Hamilton. Maria is a highly conscientious, conscientious, yeah, and self motivated student's homework is completed at a high standard Shakespeare essay was excellent. My English teacher said that. And through these adjectives, we can. It reveals my amazing academia. But you know what's most important? Despite my talent, this by my beauty, despite all these aspects I have, what's most important is I'm just a kind person in general. All right? Why date someone mean someone horrible when they're good looking and such? It doesn't make sense. Or your life, they're gonna be ugly in the future, perhaps. Who knows? But I'm a nice person. If you don't believe me, here are quotes from my friends. I love Maria, Pace says. Dominant bottle. Maria is a God complex, says Sophie Smith, shaking my head. Maria, you're a silly girl, says Rachel Nichols. Now, obviously I'm putting forth an argument upon why I'm such a perfect person to date, so the next slide will reveal the disadvantages in dating me. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This is my Snapchat. This is my Instagram. If you wanna hit me up, there you go.